hi welcome to chaparral motorsports
today we're talking about boots in front
of me I have the Goron a balance
protector if you know anything about
garnet boots skirt you'll know that
garne makes some of the best boots in
the world the gauntlets protec is no
slouch this boot is a great boot is kind
of designed for the adventure Rider dual
sport rider in mind but are you guys out
there there ride if you want to boot
with minimal plastic on it this is the
boot for you
so let me tell you a little bit about
this boom like I said it was kind of
designed for that dual sport adventure
Rider it is a full Italian grain leather
they're only using an injected molded
plastic at the shin guard this is going
to allow you good protection in the
event something comes up hits you in the
shin or rock something to that effect
alright definitely going to give you
some protection in the shin other than
that that's the only plastic actually on
the boot there's not an inner on the
inside there's no toe box cover so
they're only using the injected molded
plastic on the on the sheet on the shin
guard they're garni boots are some of
the best fitting boots out there when
you put your foot in a garnet boot you
know you've got your foot in the garnet
boot they actually use a very good
interior in this boot which allows for a
custom feel on the inside plus you can
do a custom fit on the outside let me
show you how you've got three large
aluminum buckles and you've got a strap
system the strap system is adjustable so
you can push it in pull it out give
yourself enough room so that when you
really buckle this thing down it is a
true custom fit for your leg garne also
at the top uses this gator at the top of
the boot this Gator is actually designed
to cinch down on your pant leg keep any
kind of unwanted debris mud or stuff
like that out of the inside of the boot
keeping you comfortable if you're gonna
be on your bike for a long period of
time you don't want to be running around
with a wet sock inside that's going to
be really uncomfortable so garne really
looked at that and decided okay the
Gator on this boot with an adventure
rider or adults poor guy they're going
to be cross the streams are going to be
in conditions where mud could get down
in so we really want this to cinch down
tight keep you comfortable at all times
the boot is actually a very flexible
boot so once you get it on your foot
it's going to really move you notice on
the back here they use a quilted leather
pattern same is on the front this really
allows this boot
be a very flexible boot right
out-of-the-box so you're not gonna have
a lot of break-in time with this boot
it's going to feel really good right out
of gate also Darney on this boot is
using a gum sole this gum sole is a very
comfortable sole especially when you're
standing on the foot pegs for long
periods of time it definitely helps eat
up some of the vibration they may be
coming through the bike and it does give
a little bit more than a traditional
motocross boot would also you'll notice
for the motocross boots behind me this
boot actually uses a little shorter
length to it that's going to keep it
from going up this tall obviously
adventure dual sport you're gonna be
spending longer periods of time on your
bike you don't want that boot all the
way up in the back here knee or anything
uncomfortable like that sorry this is
part of the garnet balance oil line so
pretty sure to check out the rest of the
balance oil boots on our website at
chaparral - racing comm and for more
information on this boot you can find it
there as well as always at chaparral
motorsports we have our low price
guarantee if you find a lower advertised
price from any authorized US dealer on
an in stock product call or email us and
we'll match any verifiable price for
more information on garne or our low
price guarantee check out our website at
chaparral dash racing calm your
destination for anything motorsports
thanks for watching and enjoy your ride